.TH OMS 7 "June 23, 2015" "libOsmJniPi" "OpenSM Monitoring Service"

.SH NAME
OMS \- an infiniband monitoring service, which uses opensm

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/share/java/OsmClientServer/bin/showServerStatus.sh

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The OpenSM Monitoring Service (OMS) is a Java daemon which obtains
fabric information from OpenSM and supplies it to clients through the
service it provides.  The following commands can be used locally, to
determine the state and functionality of the service.  For detailed
information about OMS, refer to 
\fIhttps://github\.com/meier/opensm-client-server\fR, the projects' repo
.PP
.B showServerStatus.sh
Provides software version information, and tests the service by returning
uptime as well as the most recent timestamp for the fabric data.
.PP
.B osmConsole.sh
Provides a curses based console interface for examining fabric data organized
on various screens or pages.  See
.BR osmConsole (8)
for further details.
This is a good tool to use to make sure the service is up and running.

.SH FILES
.I /etc/opensm/opensm.conf
.RS
The OpenSM configuration file.  It should have the performance manager enabled, and
the \fBevent_plugin_name\fR set to \fBOsmJniPi\fR.
.RE
.I /etc/opensm-plugin/libOsmJniPi.conf
.RS
The OMS event plugin configuration file.  It contains information about how
monitoring should be performed, as well as instructions for invoking the JVM
and starting the service.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Timothy A. Meier < meier3@llnl.gov >
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OsmJniPi (8),
.BR osmConsole (8)
