.TH osmConsole 7 "June 23, 2015" "libOsmJniPi" "OpenSM Monitoring Service"

.SH NAME
osmConsole \- a tool for viewing fabric information

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/share/java/OsmClientServer/bin/osmConsole.sh [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The OsmConsole is a client to the OpenSM Monitoring Service (OMS), and was
designed as a test and development tool for the Service.  It is a java
program that uses the ncurses package for its user interface.  Its main
purpose is to exercise all the different application interfaces supported
by OMS, and expose as much infiniband data as possible.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-?\fR
Display help
.TP
\fB\-h <host url>\fR
the host name of the OSM Monitoring Service (localhost by default)
.TP
\fB\-p <port #>\fR
the port number of the service (10011 by default)
.TP
\fB\-r <# secs>\fR
the console refresh period in seconds (30 by default)

.SH FILES
.I /etc/opensm-plugin/OsmJServer.properties
.RS
The OMS Server configuration file.  Although the osmConsole is a client, it
should be configured in a manner compatible with the OMS Service it will
connect to.  Often, the osmConsole is only used locally, and the Client and
Server will automatically be compatible.
.RE
.I /etc/opensm-plugin/OsmJClient.properties
.RS
The OMS Client configuration file.  It contains information about how the
client should communicate with the server, as well as other local behavior
such as logging.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Timothy A. Meier < meier3@llnl.gov >
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OsmJniPi (8),
.BR OMS (7)
