.TH OsmJniPi 8 "June 23, 2015" "libOsmJniPi" "OpenSM Java Native Interface Plugin"

.SH NAME
libOsmJniPi \- the native library for the OpenSM Monitoring Service

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP

The \fBlibOsmJniPi.so\fR file is a static library which can be dynamically
loaded by opensm at run time.  It is an "event plugin" that provides the
interface between OpenSM and the OpenSM Monitoring Service (See
.BR OMS (7)
for further details).  The opensm configuration file (see below)
determines which event plugins will be loaded during the initialization
phase of opensm.  If a name is specified in the opensm.conf file, the
corresponding library will be located, and loaded if possible.  Once
loaded, the plugin's initializaiton procedure will be invoked.  Plugin
options from the opensm.conf file can also be provided, but libOsmJniPi
will ignore them, and use its dedicated configuration file (see below)
instead.

.SH FILES
.I /usr/lib64/libOsmJniPi.so
.RS
The static library that can be dynamically loaded.  It provides the opensm event
plugin implementation for the OpenSM Monitoring System (OMS).  This is the
default location, so it can be discovered by OpenSM, and loaded and started
during the inititalization phase of OpenSM.
.RE
.I /etc/opensm/opensm.conf
.RS
The OpenSM configuration file.  It should have the performance manager enabled, and
the \fBevent_plugin_name\fR set to \fBOsmJniPi\fR.
.RE
.I /etc/opensm-plugin/libOsmJniPi.conf
.RS
The OMS event plugin configuration file.  It contains information about how
monitoring should be performed, as well as instructions for invoking the JVM
and starting the service.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Timothy A. Meier < meier3@llnl.gov >
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR OMS (7),
.BR osmConsole (8)
